OK, so we've got seeds, fertilisers, micronutrients, machines and land as inputs for seeds, we have white labelled seeds and we have exclusive distributorship of brand. Global established seeds brand. Yeah. Okay., okay. So for the white level se, it's like that the murder is 6 to 80%. Okay. And from the global distribution ship, it's like that 40 to 40 to 50%. And what's the unit size? Is it a per hector or something? Yeah, this is pered something.. in Bes, like the same market is like there are two million on the market. Okay. It's like very multiple sign market. What's the unit size? How much per heor? It varies from like c cars. For example, for maze it's like that, I think, like, 15 kilo par. Okay? And how much is the unit value for 15 kilos? 15 kilos value is. like that. at. $200? Okay, so a few hundred dollars per he per se. Exactly. Okay. So, so, but what are the drawback? What's the opportunity? So how the seed market goes in the world? So every big company is used to invest like billions dollars, billions dollars to develop the charitates. Okay. That's their IP. Yeah. doesn't like much money in Bal doesn't invest on the chs. Okay. So this is a like chari company? Yeah.. Like M. M, yeah. And what we have to do let, we just have to, you know, try out the se and doesn't work, we don't climb back and so. Yeah, okay. So, the seat that we have all are like non GMOC. for example, in the U US, there is the top plus GMOCes for maze. If we can bring like the GMOC, it will increase the electric four times. Yeah, but you can't spray, what's it called, everywhere? Pesticides? No, not pesticides, herbicides. Okay. The most of the GMO crops are designed to be herb resistant for specific herbicide, right? What's it called again?. Monsense.o's one. Round up, like the Roundup resistant.. So you have roundup herbicide and you have roundup resistant crop, right? And then, so you don't want to spray ground up everywhere. Yeah.. Cool. Here, so that's that was why we're talking about how we import like Ces and the anestis. So in, I'm sure like the next team20s that up 10 years, the government of like any big companies like in Mu Reza willing invest like the $10 million for a $5 million. Well, we start with with 500k. No, no, no. next. Like these kind of people will invest a $5 million, $10 million to set up a big research lab. And I want like lots of tunics engineering. They will? No, no. I don't think they will. They don't need to. Yeah. So there, that's why the companies who are controlling this to be the market. They're fucking rich a fucking good profit and like growing higher because what they have. They have a good partnership, exclive partnership with any top company in the world. Okay. So food buyers. Yeah. So just that's the opportunity, for example, like that the seven company might be like the part of like seven companies. But if you like searchment in the whole world,ably, you will find like 50 good companies. from channels, some from the US, US. Okay, let's continue. Yeah. So that's like the seat market work. Okay. Now, if you're talking about the fertilisers. So fertilisers has like the two different metals, one is then the chemical fertilisers. Okay. And another is like that you know, the biolog biofertilizers. Yeah. And also also there's things like biochar, that'sical that's a fertiliser? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So Soil conditioner. subaditionary, yeah. And it's like the under birogilers.. So for the chemicalilizers, it does depends on the efficiency, that which camp is always producing like the most efficient chemical fertilisers, okay? And the for the biertilizers, as you know as we have already launched our own bertilizers, we have set of a small factory, have only we have. So, and it's what, making compost? Yeah, making compost. I have a compos. factory at home, too. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah, it's a compos. But we use the countdown. Okay. Yeah, but obviously they don't use the countdown. They actually have the different formulations in the. No. So I use watermelon peel and eggs and whatever the fuck comes out of my kitchen I use. Oh, okay. Yeah. So we do the compos. It's the fully compos. Sure. Okay. So these are. Yeah. So now in the microw. But there's also fertilisers like Abby's, which are fermented in stainless steel tanks. And much more compact. So the. And more efficient. The efficiency is actually in the transportation. Not bad. So Ab has like liquid fertiliser. Right, because that's what I mean. It's efficient in the transportation, So it liqu less quantity. And I also like it actually contribute more. Because when it it actually happened with soil when there's irrigation or rain. Yeah, okay. So when it's like that absor isies. So yeah, so so this is the fred. There's also how fast acting different fertilisers are, right? So some fertilisers are very slow, some are very fast, right? Compost, you have raw compost that's very slow. You have like very long time compost. It's fast, fast. And then you have chemical and it's really fast. Exactly. Yeah, it's chemical. One, one week for every chemical, right? Or three days or whatever. So are right. So this is like the fertil the chemical, the chemical has like the new version is like that we are working that I told like I will this. And the liquid chemical so that it will decrease that because it's the environment friendly, forre in the. It's decreasing the runoff, yeah.. Because the runoff causes algae gloom and. Yeah, exactly. So that I'm working with that scientists like the market depider to do the joint main, we will pay them for the IP orLG, you. So this is like that. Now that come to the point of macrodutri. Okay. So the mrodutri, the CIT code is the macroutri. Okay. again, so macroutri. Okay. One is like the chemical mrod is the biologically. Like the magnesian, Jibsha, F. Oh, okay. So this is like the. What's the white bird bat done? Bat bat guana?. Did you know that one? No, phosphorus.osph, yeah. Okay, I've, but there are two lefts of my. Yeah, okay. chemicalosfPK? MK. NPK is fertiliser, right? No, no, N is like a chem's like the e that. The macrod is sulphur, magnesium, g. Oh, sulphur magnesium, zinc. The microutrind. Okay. And like that. What kind of quantities of these do you need? New York, like the ech valueterster, yeah. echos I can say, like they're 5 to 10 kil. And how many acres in a hectctor? 200? No, no. I think like.. Four? I forget. I's or four something. Okay. So under the you know who's called? Tell him to go to bed. Ohai? Yeah, yeah, he just about. Why is he calling now? are. So when you Dh, just call us. That's the MX because he's coming from outside. Okay. So the macaron is like the organic macaron bacaron, like a code that you say. So there's something like that. So they'll take the macaronnd. Now, let's talking about the meshes, the missions. Yeah, mions is like that that we have lots of drone. Oh, the machines. Yeah, the missions have the drone. Yeah. We're to launch. The tiller Tiller, yeah. No, we have not launching the best thing for that. Man's market. There is like the multic dryer. The multi-ap dryer. Der. Okay. So like to dry, like you put them on a racket you glo. Yeah, so to dry, like stedy, no, no. Come with graves. Graves. Or like chilli? Chilli is not a graze. No, but chilli also is to dry, right? Yeah, but it's not like that. It's not volume-b, but big quantity is like that. petty.. Petty. It's rice. Petty and petty, yeah. Then m and wheat. So these. So in Man, this is the big challenges. So fararma doesn't have excess of drive. They can only part of so much of a time. Yeah. So where the product is from the land, it's like a very high moisture and the big companies doesn't pay good, good price for the high moure. It's too heavy. It's heavy. So then they have to like guide it from the flow, depending on the solar. and the sun. in a big space, yeah, big space. That's not a viable. So when I was in, you can remember that we vis there like a me. So they are like, come and make their problem dry and the thing is like that. Last time I went on a little road trip, I drove to Laos by myself.. And I stopped to take a piss at a cafe Behind the cafe was a. a concrete slab of land as big as an airport, and it was just coffee, just drying. Just like fucking a hector of drying coffee. Huge amount of land, flat, probably fertile land, just paved over to dry. They paved it first to. dry, right? Yeah, yeah. You're right. Yeah, That's true. So, that's why for the missions, so the market is like that im balancing like far behind the missions, like, so we need like a big like a different, like. Joe is just a fan and a rack, right? Yeah, what? A fan and a rack. And what? Fan? Fan And a rack. For what? For putting it up. You know, like this one? Yeah. You put the stuff on a flat one and it gets dry. Yeah, exactly. So, we are like. So is this a very good market for the thing. And the last two mark is like the the part of input is land. For the land, we have like two new vertles that should be like utilised. Number one, is slings. and nowads the farmers are now very much focussed on the siblings for vegetables. Like, for example, chilli symbals, cucumber sley, chocolate symbles. We don't want to buy the same there. Yeah, there's too much trouble. Yeah. Too much troubleation. You need like a green room to germinate. Or what's it called, mushroom, right? Yeah, mushroom. But mushrooms differently mushrooms. The mushroom. The black house, the mesh. Oh, yeah, the black mesh house. Mesh, yeah. But for the siblings, when they buy the siblings, it actually has a better growth and better age. And the another thing is land in using mesh that is called a greenhouse. and the Nethouse family. Net house, yeah. I it's still like that. India, government did a really good job. So the gap certification? GP? Yeah. Yeah. That's GAAP, might be, a GA. for it's not a good every practice or something. Oh, GAA.. This is the model by the America and Europe. Okay. So if your crop is not gap satisfied, you can export it like your a nica. Oh, okay. So what happened? Like if you train the farmer, farmer actually forget the training, they use like like embalous amount of inserties. So that actually there's a lot of chem along the vegetables and it can't in the US market market. Indian government gives suc in the farmers. you build a nethouse. So when you build a minute house, no like h incept scand in turn in the house. So no need like any, you know, spray. And whatever the crop has been produced is like 100%. And it's actually. Well, it's only organic if they don't use the chemical fertiliser. No, yeah, they't chemical. They use like the bifizers. In Carella, right? E Carla, yeah, in Carla and Haj because they don't use the soil. Yes, mostly the soil is less. Oh, they're doing. Coca. Coca peat, yeah. Coca and all this. And these perhaps actually has like. Where's Coca peat fit? Is that a fertile?ilizer or is it a micro? Where does that fit? you guys in the fertilisers. Okay, yeah,ers. Yeah. Because where do you use the bertilizers with so, that when you get a mixed line, the bizer is coco. The co works like 10 times higher better than a sore. Yeah. Last week I bought some plants and I planted them in. They came in Cocopea. Oh, okay. The seedlings. And I opened them up and put coco pee in my. in my compost and mixed with the soil and planted them.. Which it was? What? What type of plant? Plant? But rosemary? Oh, rosemary, okay. And mint. Mint? Yeah. Ah, okay. Oh,. So, yeah, so that's the use of the lant. And we also planted cilantro. Un cilantro. steady. C E L A N T R O. You have you have another word for it. C I L. C I L, A N T R O. phil. Coriander. Oh, yeah, yeah. We call it the Coriander.. yeah, that's like.'s. I said I know you have another word, but I couldn't think of it.. the part of the business of the improved. So now, if we talk about it like that, we call it like that. financing or like the tech. That's the last input is money. The last input is money. Yeah. Yeah. So in the day, we have like two, that we are now working on two different type of products. Two different. Not like two, like three different, product. One is like that contract growing. and then there is like we called it like mortgage. It's like the part of a blockchain, which you can probably like electronics warehouse receipt financing. simple. The farmer said that, I have one, just five,000 of lies. Market is down, that I need money, to start my money list out best. I'm putting a five dollars in you on a warehouse. Can I get loan I get these ticks? Oh, the crop has a, what's it called? Mortgage. No, collateral. Collateral. Yeah, crop is a collial. So we call it like the EWR. Electronics, warehouse. What has to do with what's the electronic part? here, everything actually can control like that from the tracibility, like that from these farmers. So far when farmers are like sting gift crop. So there's electron has been generic. You can show it to the the bank, the bank and get you the money. Oh, you create the method for them to use to create collateral. Exactly. Okay. But I don't have a warehouse. I will partner with the warehouse owner.. It will be like it will be rated in like a good warehouse. So the front building is stored in there and then it will be like, you know, in my hand. Okay. So growing, crop cultural financing, crop cultural financing. What kind of control? Top controlrolled financing. Okay.op control fancy. Crop collateral financing. That makes sense. Yeah. So we in tops we've got EWR,lect Whouse. Don't say it. Call it crop control finance crop control. Collateralised financingal. The third one is like that. Tr financing for crop. Trade financing for crap.. For example, that I show you the soft card. The factory. So they have like this capacity but they have like left capital. But they have a car from the buyer. Okay. Okay so so it's called Factor Factory. So we are like bism that can youutget facturing. No, because you take the work order and you get. Yeah, yeah. We actually do nothing like that.. And the last week one that we are working to build that is called the Commod like that you have the New York Stockschange, a European Stretchange is the community training. Okay. So how we can predict the price and sell our stock car to the stock market, not to theire because we have like the data and we have like that we sping that we can control. In the end of that process does the crop move? Yeah. And the end of the drop move. But in the middle of the process, it doesn't move. No, no. So for example. Does it have like a future expiring? Yeah, yeah, have a future. So for example, what happened in the global stock market? So, for example, you say that, like as a goat. You're buying like that maze. So, like that $500 carton after seven days, it goes like faculty, someone buy it like that. And so who' about the last buyer? He's like the factory who will like, buy the in one. Okay. So you need the last buyer in order to do this? We already have the buyer. But I mean, that's important to be part of the bottle. Yeah. We have the management system, that we have like a full blockter system here. We know like that where like the it's like where is the buyer and where is the property store for? Why do you need blockchain? Because like the trustability, like how much, how much, how much quantity actually has we have and how much is they trading here and where the buyer will enter and one buy will get out. So as far as the blockchain that you interconnected. Yeah, but you can create a database too. Yeah. So the blockchain is much less efficient than database. So why do you need to blockchain? ultimately, the system will be light on the blockchain because there will be like price fluctuation on that. So the data speed to be like circulated in every party of the place.. Okay.. So that is like the lot of finances in we lost we can probably die. I don't want to know about the blockchain stuff. We're talking about another time. Okay, so is a free check, right business. The third of our business is like our trading business. Trad business. Sharing business. So you can call it like, it's like the combination of like it's just something like the combination of like trade fincy and like the content growth. What? Like grown. What kind of growing? Cont content growth. For example, we used to like take a work order from the big big group companies. We have to source the product. Either we grow this or like that we actually we did in the final the farmer or we buy directly by from the farmmer. One more time? So for example, a big carg so that we want like hundred tons of like m. Okay. So it might be like my farmers who have actually like 20 tons of, you know. So you just aggreg get more is tons. And sometimes in the output, we stockalk the crop for the betterder price. Okay. So we have like ping dolls like their price ps are. So buy like that that's commod trading. Coming trading, the weekend. So this is the producers. And the last that is like our data business. That is the most interesting. Okay. So, are there buyers for data? Bank, financial institutions. That's the least big thing for Bangadesh. Do they pay for the data? They have stuff. started and they will pay. Now, now we don't charge. What value do they get from the data? What value? Can you quantize the value? Yeah, yeah, definitely. I I can I can charge, like, pararma one. $10? What. How much can the bank turn that $10 into?ai land lending money to the? How much can they turn the $10 Look, how much can they turn the data into? From, how much bank can do? If the bank has that data, how much money can they make? They can lend more money more efficiently, so it will the undu with the like five tis higher than the money. They can make. Okay so if they pay $10 for data, they can make $50 and just sell the money. So the market for every financing is $20 billion in my. And the banks has mandate by the central bank and the government that they are bound to finance $ 3.5 billion year to the funds. Okay? So what they used to do, they used to, like they used to generate NPL. So they don't lend the money in the funding. No, they' never. They generate NPL because they used to give the money to the big fund big big companies or factories to actually. That's food producer. Yeah. Food producer or like that big factories. factories produce like egg processors. What do they produce? Like, for example, Tom the Jews, Tomas, Jews, surgeration. Yeah, something. So who actually had like bad had bad intention to show any loss and like said that I can't repair. So Farmer never gave. Farmer never actually have no. So in these places, so if they give life, for example, one $1 million to man, the race is higher, if the diverse has $1 million to like, have a fund, the ris is much lower. But the problem is, they don't have the data, they don't have like the technology for the loan monetary. They don't have like the data system that actually they can predict, they can analyse the risk of the problem. Collections from 500 people is a big fucking p in the ass. that's why we have like the community to buy back, they don't need to like. You do the collections. Yeah, don' not even do the collection. The big cover how will buy the crops and they will pay on on the farmmer. You get the stuff. the stuff is that you actually just collect the collateral. It might be like my tech team will show you that the solution that we built, like that how we geopasted the land and we can get that get a real picture from the satellite that every seven days this is real bit crops are growing or not. commercial satellite imagery? Now they're actually using the free one. Which one? I forget the name, I like that. There's that one. But initially we started with the cab picture.? The photo of the land? Yeah. So, for example, you have the Geoest. Yeah. My app, I have app. So my officer doesn go to the land, he can't take the picture. It's a tagle gans. So when he has been like, go there? So the camera open and take the picture. So the bank can really see that the loan doesn't have like the misuse. It has like proper utilisations and the bank can see on the picture and can use the AI so that they can make a in prediction. about yield predotection? Yeah. If they have a ill prediction, they can say that the load will be not NPL. And we need to whether it into that. Exactly. Exactly. So then the most important is like the the mitigation process is the ch. that data model that actually the pharmacate is score, non-mitary the data that is the most important thing. And that's why, when I was in Cai, I was studying like with you, that style has more structuredic regulations in the mus. So when Army said that, where you were not like launching an infinic model in Thailand, I said that I needed like a profit cofounder for Thailand, because you are like footballer, you are a scientist. But here, like I said, there was the difference between me and like a bit. So I can talk like more in commercial. So I can calculate a number on like the model? And that he's like more scientist, he can talk like more what it's called, the technical chums or like so. So he can. He knows how it works. Sorry? He knows how the growing and the actually works. Exactly.. Isn't agronomist. Exactly.ist. And I'm like a like, good broker or like treat him like that.' a businessman. business man like that. Okay, I have to like. production model like that. Okay, which we should invest, which will not? what cops have you be the next thing in the taste? Question, what am I? What am I? That's why do you not like why I'm just looking for this quiet meeting with you, like to discuss? So what am I? I'm a mentor. So what's my. Just right, like, he's the scientist. You're the businessman. What's my label? Your levels? Label. Label. Yeah. Number one level, you can't do like the business, not. I'm not the businessman. Okay. So the thing is like that, thing is like that how does, like for example, the model that has actually developlhed for the b market, how this model can be like easily flexible and adaptability to set up for the other sculptures. So that is like the most important. I feel like that deer needed like like a research model, like, like you as a mor, you can like think, okay, like, which can like, like, for example, I study like that makes the wave. So, for example, you actually run in like data model. What the crops like like? How much interest the farmers like entire pay? Okay, how much you know what the financial excess, you know, what's there actually the painp? So if we can analyse the things and then the existing solutions that how they can match each other. Let's just focus on Bangalesh. Okay, so we've got, so next, are we done? Yeah.. What's that? Okay. So that's the input, FT,od output trade, output business, and the last one is like the data. I mean these are the things that actually, you know, like you are good to. What do you want? What's are your biggest boblenecks? Ah, what's slowing you down? Okay. Everyone says, and sometimes I think, I'm doing too much. a lot of things. too much. Yeah. But in my understanding, I found like that if I don't like too much, I can't know. I can't find out like that which one of the cascal. This is like that we find something like the, the. But I have like doing a 10 things and find like the two best things. That's why I like to go for a walk sometimes. See? That's why I like to go for a walk when I'm travelling.. Oh, yeah, that's true. Because you can look around and see what's really out there. Exactly. So now, what's my bottom legs is like? the founder? So, I have to like be more efficient in such a way that the way that I can do a lot of experiment efficiently with my name as a time. And so that I can take the result. Okay, for the seat, I will do the se not be one. Okay, I will not do this, I will do this business. Strategy.. So here, I sometimes like, my last board saying that you are like, yougn not one, you are getting lost. My My mother said that your team can't run at your pace. Ma, you have like abormal feet, speaking like that you, you are like humanity because that every day, you are so for example, my boss said that you got a commercial beast, but you, you're old. You're what? And you, I'm the host, the worst. Yeah, he said that as a CCO Chief Comcial officer, you got the best. But so what John said once like that? said, if I said that, if I was asked like that, should I like hire like the CO like, you know, as a founder, can do a lot of you can think about like that, you can compare it with like the Abbe. So Abi said that he's like researching like the 500 experiment and AI actually can track him like which one is good. But as well as a human being like being and doing like the tin human sp like how I can like manages and evol you know, you evolment the outcome of like t things and you decide, okay, now I know these four things is the m make making things. This two thing is like that, okay, we can do or not. And the last two is, okay, we shouldn't do it. Okay, so in this case you want to write down all the things and all the KBIs for all the things, and all the experiments that you run, yeah, it's science, right? We get a spreadsheet or a database. Yeah, but you have a database. You have all the data. average.. But here, there's the other problem I want to tell you. That is like that. That's 330? Yeah, Okay. What's the last problem? Right. Last problem.. This is like my personal problem. Yeah. So when I write, my brain doesn't work. Can you write, your brain doesn't work? No. Like, for example, if you tell me like the now tell me, what the idea that you tell me, write it. So when I just start to write like, somebody bring brain doesn't work like that. But when it's like that, I'm just like talking like that? So my brain is like giving a new idea, new efficiency lot of thing. There's the answer. Wow. Okay. So you guys using it in the plot? No, I'm using voice memos. Music voice. It's just a voice memo. Okay. And then I will send it somewhere. I don't know where yet, but I'll send it somewhere to get text. and then I'll send the text somewhere to create output.